There's a song by our friend Titanic's and Claire who always makes amazing stuff.
Look up Titanic online.
From Harmontown.
Where?
We're in Harmontown.
In Hollywood, California.
Welcome once again Harmontown is now in session.
Music.
So many friends.
Spencer Crittenden everybody.
Spencer.
From.
That's our show. Good night.
Thanks for coming.
I'm the mayor of Harmontown.
This is Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
What a show. What a show we had.
What a show.
We got so much planned for you tonight.
Brought to you by Dr. Pepper.
Alright I came up with a bit. I have a bit.
Here comes the bit.
I have a real bit. Do you have a segment music for a real bit I have?
Music.
Okay so you know how everybody thinks professional wrestling is fake?
Right.
Okay.
Yes.
Right.
I decided last night I'm already messing up the bit.
That I think all other wrestling is fake.
Because you can't tell me that for 6,000 years teams of people have been getting together
and dressing the same and trying to pin each other on a mat.
Nobody thought to bring a snake or a 2x4.
14 more years of that and I'd have like a strong 10 minutes.
Thank you.
But in the meantime back to the regular show which is nothing.
You're like 59 minutes short of a full HBO comedy special.
Is the microphone supposed to be back further?
Don't you guys like it when it's back further?
I liked it better.
Not talking to you.
Okay.
Thank you for the mushrooms last night.
So Dan and I and Cody we did mushrooms and we went to a fancy restaurant.
Which is a terrible idea.
I didn't know we were going to have dinner.
Jeff in the car.
What did you think you were going to do at the restaurant?
Exercise?
We were going to a restaurant.
Jeff in the car on the way to the Bel Air Hotel.
You should take them now because they take an hour to kick in.
And then I think we, I don't know when we took them but exactly an hour after we took them
we were at a MatriD station.
I didn't know we were having a fancy dinner.
In a restaurant where everybody was like that better be Peter Jackson.
Because otherwise it's homeless hodor.
It's the other thing.
I was just dressed while I was wearing these clothes.
And Jeff was wearing a suit that was like when we ordered the food and then it came
and it looked like Beetlejuice.
My appetizer was terrifying.
It looked like my salad was like talking to me and it was wild.
And you don't want to eat.
I remember in my memory what you ordered looked like an Indian headdress.
Yes it did.
Exactly.
It was like there were like leaves coming out of different colors.
What was that movie?
The Mayan sacrifice movie, the Mel Gibson produced one.
Apocalypse.
Might meal look like apocalypto.
Apocalypto.
He ordered the apocalypto.
Sorry I'll face this way too sometimes.
I looked over it.
Cody was laughing like crazy.
Dan look, you look really paranoid.
I was upset.
And I just said hey you guys why don't you guys take a walk.
I'll take care of the dinner.
So I pretended like I was your like handler, like your manager.
Because I had a suit on.
And I said Mr. Harmon and Cody they had, they found out they had to leave.
May I please get their food to go for them and I'll take care of it.
So I sat there.
We're like running around in the front.
I'm a seagull.
I walked out, I enjoyed my dinner and it was trippy because I was sitting there like when
you're on mushrooms you're a little, you're very self aware and you feel like everybody
else is also kind of aware of you but maybe they're not at all.
But now I'm just a dude in a suit with all like three people's food in front of me.
And I made it out of there alive.
I had a couple drinks and I tip pretty big on your card so I'll help you like that.
And I bowed out and the Harmon is sitting out by himself at a fountain.
And he's got his left hand in the fountain.
And the water's trickling on his hand.
And I go over there and you were like the fountain was talking to you.
I laid my palm on top of the surface of the water.
And when I dipped it beneath the surface my hand became an ape's hand.
And if I lowered it it became an alien hand because apes are more sophisticated than aliens.
And the more primitive the life the more advanced it is because the more primitive the life
the more it's able to contact me because it's based on water and water is the conduit.
So as I kept my palm on top, when Jeff came up I had just figured out that if I keep my palm
on the top of the water I can listen to all life.
And do you know what it said?
What did it say?
What did all life say?
It said, tell our story.
And I will.
Life hitched a dragon to the right star that night.
See your story set in the old west with Andy Dick as the sheriff.
Someone pay me.
I watched Aliens.
That's what I did last night.
Steve's got cups.
We need those.
Thank you Steve.
Steve, leave everybody.
Watch the second half of Aliens.
That's a good movie.
It still holds up.
It's fun.
The first Aliens.
Oh, it don't.
What?
There was only what?
The second movie in the Alien franchise.
Right.
And I watched the second half of it.
Just the second half?
Just the second half.
My favorite line in that movie is not Game Over Man but in that same conversation.
Because Bill Pax said that she's like, she knows the way around.
And he's just like, why don't you put her in charge?
I didn't do it.
I don't know if you're keeping score.
Which kind of asses kicked back there?
All the other ones.
I feel like, well, it's Bill Pax.
It's sort of like Bill Paxton.
It's great because in the sense of like, oh, Christopher Walk under Nicholson.
It's like a caricature of himself.
But that line, why don't you put her in charge?
I kind of also, I was like immediately, I was like, yeah, what the fuck is going on, man?
We're going to get killed.
You know what I mean?
It was good.
It was also like there was a tunnel to your soul.
Paul Reiser's very good in that.
Paul Reiser's great in him.
That whole movie is like Slam Dunk.
Slam Dunk.
That's a slam dunk.
Spencer, have you ever done mushrooms?
Are you a mushroom guy?
Nah, man.
Because you know, here's the thing they say about mushrooms.
You know what they say?
They say, if you think you're going to have a good time, you will.
And I can't think I'm going to have a good time.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Like, well, people freak you out by saying, it's like this weird mobius strip of like,
oh, if you think it's possible to have a bad trip, then you will have a bad trip.
No, I only think it's possible to have a bad trip.
And yeah, yeah.
I understand.
Completely.
Same thing.
I just took, you know, I wanted my, I didn't want my girlfriend to think I was a pussy.
Filthy fucking hippies.
But Cody had a bad time.
We both kind of had overall a bad time.
I mean, I think it was worth it to just communicate with all of life first.
But I think, I think if you like, she was saying like demons were coming out.
We only took enough to have kind of a bad ecstasy trip.
Like, it wasn't, it wasn't like, we didn't.
It's like, like, I think the point of Sila Simon is supposed to be ideally that you,
and they're using it to treat post traumatic stress now because another ailments because
Sila Simon has a clinically measurable effect of something previously thought to be immeasurable,
which is perspective.
Like you actually take enough of it and you, you walk away with the sense that you are
part of a larger whole.
And it's sort of like, they give it to like, you know, people that were in Iraq and got,
got blown to bits and, and, and are, and are, you know, having trouble coping with that,
that stress and shoving it down.
And they, they experimented with giving them Sila Simon and, and, and they're, so they're
finally doing some scientific research into these effects.
I think if you don't take quite enough to push you through onto Jim Morrison's other side,
that you simply are just like super aware of yourself because I got out of the shower
and I was just like staring at myself in the mirror.
And I knew that I was disgusting, but I was also like, I was like, I'm beautiful.
Like, like, I was like, like Cody after like 20 minutes, he was like, baby, okay.
And I said, yeah, I'm, I'm an ape.
Like, I just know that I'm an ape.
And I was like, I was just naked and all of the, the patterns of my body hair and how
they were revealing that I had descended from an ape that had gone through a semi aquatic
phase. That's right. That's why we're hairless.
That's, uh, uh, look it up.
Elaine Morgan's aquatic ape theory and it was being proven to me because the scintillating
drips of water where go, following this like, you know, this like perfect like pattern.
And it was just like this, you know, everything moves when you're on mushrooms.
I was like, my, my, my, my big pink round gut was like pulsating like this like cocoon
of full of baby apes.
And it was just like, and I was just going like this and watching my belly button and
my nipples like turn into this mouth going like this, this face going like,
it says, it says like you had enough.
I had, I did, but it was all kind of up here.
It was, it was all about the self.
And I think that, I think that a true mushroom.
I told you guys to take three.
You only take two, right?
Kids, if you're doing it, take more.
And tell, tell the cops I, I said it was a, all right.
The first time I ever did mushrooms, I was with Jason Sudeikis and a friend of his from
Second City.
We were in Vegas and he was doing a show.
Dude, this story is such horseshit.
I was so sick of you telling the story about you and Jason Sudeikis and his comedy friends
like taking mushrooms.
I know it's fucking not true.
I was in, I was in the bathroom and I heard knock, knock, knock.
And then Jason Sudeikis is outside saying, hey man, you okay?
Cause we had just taken mushrooms.
And I was, I was like, yeah, I'm cool.
I'm just talking to the shampoos right now.
Because the shampoos, he had a bunch of, he and his roommate, they were doing a comedy
show at the Flamingo and they were singing at a place near where Tupac got killed, I think.
And they had all these stolen hotel shampoos and they were like a little choir of angels
singing to me.
I'm like, I'm cool.
I'm just singing with the shampoos.
And Jason's like, all right, see you.
I was trying to, I was trying to tee up like a fancy, like a, like a clever.
I knew what you were doing.
Right.
I knew what you were doing too.
Who else did you do mushrooms with?
Will Forte?
Will Forte is one of the biggest fucking pussies in the world.
He would never do drugs.
He would never do it.
If he were here and Jason Sudeikis were here, they would both fucking kick your ass or be
mad.
Let's bring out Jason Sudeikis and Will Forte.
Right.
Thank you.
Hey, Will, I'm reception.
I'm sorry about the whole pussy remark thing.
That's all right.
Okay.
I feel bad about that.
He didn't know you were here.
You look a lot tougher now, Will, with the shaved head thing.
You looked much more like a, you might kick my ass for real.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
It's half the battle.
Just looking like it.
Yeah.
Is this the care?
Are you still shooting Last Man on Earth this season's Last Man on Earth?
No, we finished a couple of months ago.
So we start writing on Tuesday.
Oh, okay.
Two more.
So you actually sit in the writer's room like full services, but you can't.
At a certain point, there's overlap, right?
You can't, there's overlap.
So then I, at that point, we do the acting all day, and then I got to write at nights
and on weekends.
That's not true.
Come on.
No, no.
I don't mean that to be like, you're lazy.
Literally acting in a scene.
I'm acting in a scene with them.
And then it's like, okay, cut.
We're going to turn around.
I go this way because our chairs and the foods go over this way.
Will goes this way.
And then there's a laptop open and works on the laptop the whole time.
Because I was like, yeah, I'll do the show.
It'll be fun to hang out with you and act with you.
It was like, oh, we only get to pretend to hang out.
I mean, we got paid, but then you left and then you went to go do his other job.
Literally during the day.
That's pretty remarkable.
I work very hard.
I'm a very hard worker.
It's incredible.
He really is.
Are you writing?
Are you writing that episode?
Are you writing future episodes?
Are you freestyling?
He's rewriting episodes that have already aired.
He's nuts.
But also different shows.
He's doing two, two, seven episodes.
Improving them, though.
All of them better.
Jack has never been sassier.
Is this alcohol?
Yeah.
Where's that coming from?
Oh, do you want to drink that one?
No, that's all right.
Who's running Last Man on Earth?
Andy, Bob Rowe, and Eric Durbin now is coming in to co-showrun.
Oh, okay.
Because Bob Rowe, you finally figured it out.
He's a fucking...
He's the worst.
He's not good.
No, he's fantastic.
I love him so much.
Every...
I was talking to Monica Patrick, an old community writer.
We were at the hotel having brunch, and we were just...
Everybody's scattered to the 85 wins now.
There's a community person everywhere, because we did six seasons,
and I'm sure some of them are like...
I'm sure they all hate me, but I'm sure also some of them...
I'm nostalgic about just the family of it all.
Each season, it's like, oh, man, season three was great.
We had so-and-so and such-and-such.
I was looking at the Yahoo season and even thinking...
I don't know what I'm explaining to you.
No, just that it's the expanse of it after it all.
It's the same way at SNL, or even when I watch TV and I bore Olivia with...
Oh, I did Second City with that guy in that commercial.
It's like us, I would say, even me, you, and Jeff,
we've known each other for 20-plus years, that idea of...
I guess that's the feeling of family,
where that's why grandparents are like,
it'd be nice to hear from you once in a while,
because they're like, they only run two shows in their life
for like 30 seasons each.
It's like a mother and a grandmother.
60 minutes in Japan.
How did you guys meet the first time then?
The three of you.
Comedy Sports in Kansas City, actually.
Yeah, because Dan was Milwaukee Comedy Sports,
Jason was Kansas City, I was LA,
and Rob was obviously a Milwaukee, and we met...
Obviously.
Just look at me.
Look at how Milwaukee...
You weren't at that tournament, I don't think.
Were you at Kansas City?
I don't think I was invited.
There was a Kansas City tournament.
You were probably invited.
I was probably invited.
Everyone's allowed to go.
Everybody's allowed to go.
But like...
You guys became an 80s mattress commercial for a second.
Serda.
Springer, Springer.
A galaxy of savings.
Galaxy of savings.
But like, Jason, you were in a group with our friend Jeremy Carter,
who was in Super Ego.
Yeah.
We all...
Not every city, but a lot of the cities in Comedy Sports,
when we went to a tournament,
there was kind of the younger crew that we all kind of circled
around each other and became friends,
and we all have remained friends, which is really crazy.
We all were kind of annoyed at our bosses.
I mean, blessed all their hearts, but like...
Right.
But I remember there's always that thing.
Name names.
James Bailey, Clancy Hathaway, and Dick Chudnow.
Yeah.
Like, I know all their names.
I remember their names.
Teenage Anger doesn't go away that quick.
I'm still making money off of it.
We went all just like, talk shit about our kind of bosses.
What kind of shit?
Well, they were just never...
They were just never doing anything right in our minds.
Yeah, the bosses.
We were 22, and we were like, do it.
We were so funny, and like, oh, so-and-so is it, you know,
paying us $20 a show doesn't give us gas money,
and like, doesn't he know how to run a thing?
And they didn't.
No, but they were great.
We wouldn't have all met each other.
We wouldn't have met the friends.
I mean, yeah.
It's tough to be the boss.
I wouldn't have got on whose line
if I didn't do 10 years of short form improv.
Right.
Like, that was a school for that.
Yeah.
But we all eventually said, fuck this shit,
and like, moved on.
Yeah.
And I'm not an actor,
but of course as a writer and producer
at ComedySports gave me all my people skills.
It helps you when you're dealing with the network.
I would have been a real bad apple in their eyes
if I hadn't learned to say yes and every fucking idiot.
They still don't like me.
But the, well, I don't know.
So let's talk about writer-actor hybrids,
because you're talking about, well, I just don't even,
I mean, I really want to get my head around that
because I'm having pings of insane jealousy there
with the idea of you being on set,
having sold a show, created it, developed it,
and now you're on the set
and you're still running over to the laptop.
Like, I've got such a man crush on you for that.
Like, and just, because I...
I told you this would be fun.
I didn't know that I would meet somebody.
In a scene that he's describing, are you...
Is what's on the laptop, like, scenes that are
about to shoot that week, or is it, like, a next episode?
No, we will...
Every once in a while, you'll get into a case
where you're writing stuff for stuff that week,
but usually it's jamming out the stuff
that's coming the following week.
I mean, ideally, you're to a place where you get this stuff
all settled before you're even shooting, because...
Ideally, yeah.
But it does not happen all the time.
Every year, it's like the first day of school.
You're like, here's my math notebook and my trapper keeper
and the unicorn's going to hold the pencils
and here's my three shirts I'm going to wear
and then two days later, it's bubblegum unfolding
with the thing and like...
I have so many doogie-houser journals, like, either in real writing.
They're just, like, five strong days
and then I forget it and go on a trip
and it's like, well, I'll never fuck that.
But one that was like, it was like a little tiny one like this
was like write something for five, you know, like five years.
I got it as a Christmas gift, so New Year's.
All right, great.
Literally, two days went on a trip and now it's done
and it's like I won't even pick up on it
because it's like, no, if I can't do the five years straight,
I'm only five months into it.
Six months into it?
I'm like, no, it's dead to me.
Sorry, I blew it.
Squandered potential.
When you got from...
I was with you in...
I was there in Las Vegas the night.
We happened to be in Las Vegas.
You were in Second City, Las Vegas.
You had been bumped up to the minors from comedy sports
to like you were doing...
There was like 30 people in the audience
in this club in Las Vegas.
And it was a funny improv show
but you were kind of beaming
and trying to keep your Don Draper vibe, you know,
because you're such a hipster.
But then quickly, we were told that the scout from SNL
had been there that week or maybe that day.
Oh, I don't remember. I can't.
I don't remember the exact timeline.
But I mean, that's where, yeah, that's where...
It was the night that it was an official, I think,
that you were going to be on SNL.
Oh, wow. Yeah.
Then that would have been...
Had I already auditioned for it, do you remember?
I think they just came and scouted you.
I don't know if you had auditioned.
The only thing that scouted...
Maybe that's what it is. Maybe you got the audition.
It was a manager.
It was a manager that saw myself and K Cannon
who I was in the cast with
and then a guy named Seamus McCarthy
and that manager picked us all up
and then we made...
The guys made tapes
because they were looking for guys, I think,
or at least I made a tape.
And I just filmed the show, basically,
and then sent it in.
And so I knew maybe I was going to get to go audition.
I would assume maybe at that point.
But they offered you a deal, as I recall,
that had been...
There was a template for it in the past.
It was like, you know...
Getting hired as a writer.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
So I went to go audition for the show
and then didn't get it,
but they liked me
and then I got...
A week later, they were like,
hey, why don't you come out again?
And this is when you meet Lauren Michaels
and he's just making sure you're not crazy
or I think he just said
he wants to make sure you're someone
that if you walk by in the hallway at 2 a.m.,
he wouldn't be scared or worried.
It makes sense.
It's his gig.
What do you think started that rule?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Like, who do you think made that happen?
Either someone or else it was a part of him
that he didn't want to do it.
You know what I mean?
I mean, you know...
It was Tim Meadow.
He's just a loose cannon.
I'm just going to say loose gun,
hot cannon, none of my jokes.
But we...
Yeah.
So then you go out there
and then I got hired as a writer,
which I was a little bit like,
oh, it's a...
It was like, oh, nuts.
Which is ridiculous.
But I didn't send in a packet.
I had an imposter syndrome,
all that stuff once getting it.
And then you just kind of like
just say yes and then hope to God it all works out.
And it paid off.
You kind of knew that.
They were kind of grooming you a bit
for being on the cast, right?
Yeah, and that was what you were talking about.
At that point, there was like...
There was like Tina had done it
and David Spade had done it
and Sandler had done it
and like even back in the day,
Chevy did it kind of, you know,
to a degree.
Who else?
There's like everybody...
Robert Schneider?
Yeah, everybody that had done it in the past,
you know, that been a writer
and was a cast member
had all made that...
You sort of knew who they were.
Well, they never tell you about Gourby Phillips.
Yeah, never, yeah.
Gourby doesn't get his love.
He's the guy who wanted to be an actor.
They gave him a job as a writer
and he's still there.
Oh.
His office is in the basement.
Horrible writer, hilarious in the room.
Yeah.
Hilarious in the room.
You love him in the room.
You love him in there.
It just keeps people laughing.
I remember Jason, like after the first season
or two of you and the cast,
you would come back to LA
and we'd go have a drink
and you would just sit down
and just dump like how difficult
that job was.
It seemed like it was like...
But always making sure
he was very thankful
and said everyone was very wonderful.
Jeff, it's like Israel over there.
By design.
You know.
But also like our friend,
like Andy Samber,
like every time I saw him
he seemed to have aged about 10 years.
Oh, it's like the presidency in that way.
Yeah, it's like...
Until you sort of like develop
like a niche, I think,
or I would like,
with this guy to my left,
like such an original sort of voice
that Lauren's like,
oh, this is a variety show.
I need to have what Will does on there
or like the Lonely Island, guys.
I need to have the Lonely Island.
That generation, you know, like Kristen.
I need to have a...
I need to have a Kristen track
on those greatest hits.
Right.
It's like...
I talked to somebody about
how Lauren has always been...
That's always been his real secret
underneath it all.
I think because it was back
when Channel 101 was starting
to be a thing
and the Lonely Island guys
were doing Channel 101
and then all of a sudden,
oh my god, they're taking
that different path,
that Schiller reel...
Right.
Mr. Bill path to SNL,
which is a...
And somebody was talking to me
about it and they said,
oh no, but Lauren's a genius
like about that in particular
that he always recognized
that, you know,
the potential obsolescence
of what he was doing there
and how any one of these random
asteroids or geniuses
that, you know,
he had this way of like...
He would beckon you in and say,
look, I know what you want
and I know what you deserve
and I'm going to set you up
so that you can have it.
So the Lonely Island
were getting their card
that said it's an SNL digital short.
That's their property.
He knew that about Smigol.
He understood that you can't
create an army of generals.
You have to like give them...
You have to let them have the illusion
that they have their own world.
Yeah.
No, it's true.
I would say that he is good at that.
You have to earn that though.
How far into...
Will and Jason, like how far,
like along when you were a cast member,
was it when you found like,
okay, this is my niche.
This is my thing.
Did that take a while or...
Because I remember like at one point,
you guys were just my favorite.
Like that cast was really good.
And you two together especially
because I went to one of the tapings
and you guys doing that
your mustached ESPN3
kind of character was hilarious.
But like, did it take a while
to find your stride and find like,
okay, this is my shit.
This is what I do.
I mean, it depends for everybody
because I would always kind of do
weirder stuff and it's hard
to get that stuff on.
So you have to kind of build up this trust
and I was...
It would kill on Wednesday as PS.
Like the read through, it was like,
every time like you see,
because at the top of every script,
it's the writer's names.
So like you'd see like, you know,
Faye and Polar.
Or like if it said Forte,
you're just kind of like,
even if you've been there five hours,
you're like, oh, here we go.
I mean, it's the truth, it's the truth.
And especially when you were writing
with Sloven and Allen,
like there was this ironing,
sharpening iron thing that was brewing there
that I don't think really kicked in
to Jeff's question.
Like until maybe our group came in
because I felt like just watching it
outside, your stuff started to get that play.
Like after you stopped playing Bush, really.
Oh, for sure.
I was, you know, I...
It was an honor to play Bush,
but it was an honor I did not want.
It was, you know...
Because then I ended up playing it.
You know, Will Ferrell had just done it.
I know.
It's like, what are we doing?
It was, you know, to me,
it's like Dana Carvey doing The Church Lady.
Yeah.
Like Bush...
Will Ferrell had turned Bush
into a character that was so...
Flat out one in the election.
One in the election.
Ruined our country for eight years
by his talent, his charm.
You can't have, you know,
Dana Carvey would not leave
and then somebody else come in
and do The Church Lady, so...
But you have to do The President.
Right.
So I, you know, somehow became that guy,
and I was shitty at it.
That's not true.
At the beginning, you know,
when he was all whiny,
like you were great at it,
because you were like,
ah, man, and he was like...
Well, I...
And then he changed.
It certainly was not the kind of stuff
I liked to do.
And, you know, I was...
It was a fun adventure,
but, like, that...
The cast was so big at the time
that, like, a lot of times I would
be putting out the kind of stuff
that I liked.
Right.
But, you know,
you got to service everybody,
so I would get these...
You got your sketch in five minutes.
Bush things that were in there
that weren't necessarily my thing,
and that would be the thing
for that episode.
So, like, for a couple years,
I was just kind of the Bush guy
and didn't really get to do...
But there was also this...
I remember who told me about this,
but then I started looking for it,
that in those years,
there was closer to midnight.
It was like, okay, these...
Like, I always tried to figure out
the formula with the last sketch on SNL.
It was like, sometimes it was clearly
just the shittiest.
Sometimes it was one that, like...
I have no idea.
You guys could tell me,
and maybe for political reasons,
you wouldn't even be able to,
or it would take too long,
or there is no formula,
but then somebody told me, like,
watch the...
But sometimes it's like,
these, like, weird pieces
of esoteric brilliance,
these, like, just good quality sketches
that were...
And it was Forte's name
that was, like, attached to that.
It was like, oh, that's a...
You got to watch till midnight,
because there might be a Forte sketch coming,
because they're putting them there,
not because they don't believe in them,
but because, like, the spelling of the sketch.
Like, a hidden trap.
That was what I was going to say
was the episode
that where I felt like it all kicked in.
That was Jack Black hosting
the Christmas episode
of what happened to be,
oddly enough,
my generation's first season.
I was lucky to be there two years.
I was there.
You were there.
So you had...
You had Jack Black kicking ass
his second time hosting,
singing an amazing King Kong opener.
Then you have...
There was the...
With Wigan and I,
the first A-holes,
two A-holes buying a Christmas tree.
You had Christmas time for the Jews,
a short thing of...
Amazing short film parody
by Smigel.
You had Spelling Bee
with Forte.
And then most importantly,
I would say,
most iconically lazy Sunday
by Lonely Island.
And that was just like...
It was all one episode.
It gives me goosebumps.
What was that one season?
One episode.
That was the Christmas episode
of 2005.
So that must be why
I was watching it,
because, like, my friends were like,
like, oh, my God,
they had just gone up.
I was at the party
where Bill Hader was also...
Yeah, yeah.
Alongside them
was, like, being sent up
in a balloon to New York.
Absolutely.
Goodbye, guys.
Sorry.
And so I must have been watching
that night going,
oh, this is the first,
or maybe it was just because
it was a lazy Sunday thing,
because they had done stuff
before that,
and the lazy Sunday
was kind of their whatever.
But the Spelling Bee thing,
I just want to talk about
for a second,
the sketch,
the Spelling Bee sketch,
I'm sure if you just type
it into YouTube,
who knows,
or if it's something,
you just find it.
It simply judges
at a Spelling Bee saying,
all right,
your next word is...
What's the next word?
Business.
And then the entire sketch
from front to back
is Will Forte
incorrectly spelling business.
And that's it.
That's the whole sketch.
He doesn't finish, like,
you know,
and then they go,
oh, that's not quite right.
Why don't you try a simpler word,
like cat,
and then he does it three times,
and then in the end,
he spells a really complicated word
really well,
and then you're done.
The entire sketch
is him failing
to spell the word business.
And it's not a short sketch.
It's Conehead's size.
It's a proper size,
a Hungry Man,
Jack's sketch size,
but the whole meal
is just different letters.
Q, Q, Q.
How many times do you say Q?
Q.
Would you do numbers
at one point,
like adding numbers
into it?
That was a hard one to get on,
because I had done it
at the groundlings
a bunch of times.
Killing it.
Killing it at the groundlings.
This would go very well
at the groundlings.
You did it at SNL.
It wouldn't get picked.
You would do it at,
like Smigel would have you
do nine of too many stars.
You'd play like Radio City
Music Hall and do it.
It would crush,
and then they would put it
at the table,
or wherever you guys were
doing those,
where he would ask you to do
it at a benefit.
It would crush,
and he'd bring it back
to like, you know,
17th floor,
like, you know,
50 people watching.
Everybody's just like,
it's killing,
but everybody's like,
it's never going to get on.
And it wasn't...
Well, I got a handle,
like Jack Black was the one
going forward,
because he, you know,
he is great,
and he's such a champion of
comedy,
and just really like it.
You got to put it before it did.
If it wasn't for him,
yeah,
if it wasn't for him,
it wouldn't have gotten on.
What was that like?
Same with A-holes.
When you wrote a really
weird sketch
that was kind of esoteric
and strange,
and you go into that
read-through,
where everybody's,
you know,
you've got the piles of paper,
all the scripts,
you're reading through
everything,
you have to get up
and really perform that,
like at the table.
And you get all that
to the room, right?
Oh, yeah.
I mean,
most of the time,
you're just sitting down.
Every once in a while,
if there's something
with a little more action,
you might stand up
and do some of this stuff.
But, you know,
you do it pretty full-out.
You're something
that maybe no one thinks to...
What does the writer's room
look like?
When you're at SNL,
and it's like...
It's like an office,
it's like a conference room,
like a vibe.
It's like,
it's almost like
the comments.
It's a big table,
everyone's sitting around it.
But then it's on the outer walls,
everybody's sitting around it.
And depending on
how many there are,
like right now,
there's probably not much elbow room.
It got to a point
when we were there
that there was like a nice amount of room.
So the cast is around the table,
and then there's a search.
At the head of the table
is Lorne and the host.
And then cast, cast, cast,
cast, cast, cast, cast,
then around this side,
like if you were looking down
at three o'clock is,
like Seth,
and one of the assistant
directors, Jeanine,
who times every sketch.
One of the producers,
Steve Higgins,
somebody else.
But then around the sides
are like the department heads.
All the writers
are like at nine o'clock
behind here,
like four rows deep.
People are sometimes sleeping
because they've been up
since 10 a.m.
Oh, okay.
So this is a room
where there's a table.
You're describing,
this is a table read.
Table read.
Yes.
What does the,
like what about just
the room in which
people are pitching sketches?
It mostly happens in offices.
Yeah.
It's like a normal
office building
with just a more open
fart policy.
It looks like 30 rock.
I mean, it looks like,
that's, I mean, you know,
like the TV show.
But when you're a writer,
are you sitting,
like,
like when you think,
are you sitting
cross-legged on a carpeted floor
with a,
with a sheaf of papers
in front of you,
notes scribbled on them,
waiting your turn
to pitch something?
Yes.
On Mondays with the host,
there's the host meeting,
the pitch meeting.
Everybody lines up
when we all sit in Lauren's office.
Some people on chairs,
like humans,
other people on the ground.
Have you told,
have you told it too many times
on too many shows,
but that your Snoop Dogg story,
would that be a pain
to retell?
Because I retell
your Snoop Dogg story
when you were a writer.
Yeah, you know, I remember,
yeah, the,
no, I mean,
I don't mind telling it.
It's a good life philosophy.
Really?
Yes.
But yeah.
We were,
on Tuesday nights,
the host goes around
wherever it is,
and they meet with the
different writers.
And this was,
it was actually,
I think it was your office
at the time.
You were rooming with
and it was me and Rich,
Tellerico,
and I think you might have
maybe been in there if not.
Pitching ideas to Snoop,
I just love Rich's idea so much
that I always feel obligated
to put him in here.
He's tell Snoop,
Snoop just sitting there
like this,
and he's like,
I have this idea where you play
a dad,
but you know that scene
like at the dinner table
when the kid mounts off
and he takes off the belt,
you don't take off your belt,
your job is,
you make a living as a beekeeper,
so you slowly start to put
on your beekeeper outfit.
To intimidate your kids.
And I swear to God,
Snoop's like,
like yeah,
yeah, I like that,
I like that.
Yeah.
I want this guy to be
real scientific about the bees.
You know what I mean?
Like I want him to know
what's going on inside
of a bee's mind.
Literally, he's saying that.
Other things,
blah, blah, blah.
We're playing music,
we're playing music.
Rich is,
he's got these speakers in there
and he's blaring
like Snoop dog hits
and he's like,
yeah, see I put a cover
on him because you got to look
backward before you look forward.
Like he would just talk like this.
He would just say,
yeah,
yeah man.
Like Urban Outfitters,
I've always said to just
follow him around with a pen
and pen and be like,
we're making pillows, T-shirts,
this is like,
this fucking guy.
Unbelievable.
And then at the end,
Rich,
and you know,
I mean I was just observing,
Rich is really the point guard
of this entire narrative,
but Rich goes,
Snoop after the party on Saturday,
we got a kick in.
Snoop says,
swear to God,
he says,
because this is at the height
for shizzle.
And he goes,
and Rich,
for whatever reason,
goes,
maybe we'll get a hoe.
And Snoop just goes,
why can only one hoe?
Right?
He could have,
he could have stopped there.
He could have stopped there
and let me draw my own conclusion.
Then it's all sort of
like,
what does he mean by that?
You know,
like,
he goes on,
he goes,
don't put limits on your life.
Again,
you're kind of like,
that's it,
he can get up and leave now.
The Urban Outfitters person
can close their mole skin
and be like,
okay,
we got next week's shirt,
we're good.
Why get only one hoe?
Why not get,
why not get two or three?
I'm sorry,
don't put limits on your life.
And then he says,
dream big,
and you may never wake up.
I don't know
if he's said it since,
I don't know if he remembers saying it.
Did you,
did you run and write it down?
No,
I've just told it so many,
like a good joke.
I've just told it so many times,
like,
I remember you telling me that
and we're like,
that's your Leno's story.
I think you told it on Leno's story.
I told it on Conan,
the first,
the first like talk show I did.
You,
you're like,
oh,
I have my Conan story.
Yeah,
I'm,
yeah,
he's giving me this,
like,
I got this,
you know.
The,
the,
and what do you like,
Jewish people?
Yeah,
you assume so.
It's the,
the,
oh, I made the Israel comment earlier,
now I have to counterbalance that.
I gotta remember some anti-Christian shit.
It's out there,
it's out there.
That war is still happening, right?
Jews versus Christians?
Yeah.
I don't want to get mixed up in that.
What,
whoa,
you guys are both writers,
you're both performers.
You,
you,
Forte,
you were in the,
I love this question.
Yeah,
right?
You were in the,
wait till it gets to the end of it,
it's important.
You helped him write this one.
Yeah,
yeah,
working all day on this question.
We have a mutual friend,
Jim Rash,
you were in Groundlings with him,
right?
That was your class,
like,
he's a writer,
director,
he's an Oscar-winning writer,
writer and actor.
Writer actors are better actors
than regular actors.
And,
don't,
don't comment on that,
because I'm,
I'm sure you have actor friends.
But,
but what I want to ask is,
like,
what,
what are you more?
I don't know.
I,
you know,
the question is,
what are you more?
Do you think of yourself
when you're standing on set as an actor,
like,
okay,
I'm not acting job,
but I'm a writer,
or is it the other way around?
Well,
I started off as a writer,
so I,
I think I'll always think of myself
as more of a writer.
Uh,
uh,
I,
at the end of my third year.
You wrote before you did Groundlings?
Uh,
yeah,
well,
I did,
I did go through your,
yeah,
I was,
I wasn't writing professionally.
We could go through your past
for a second here,
because it's kind of interesting.
I bothered to Wikipedia you
when I heard you might be coming by,
and the most notable thing first
is your name is,
your,
your given name is
Orville
Wilbert?
Orville Willis.
Orville Willis
Forte to Forte.
Forte to Fourth.
Yes.
I've never met a fourth before.
I know,
it's,
you know,
it's pretty cool.
Are you making fun of his name?
No,
I'm making fun of America.
We've never had a fourth generation
of anything here.
Everything around you is
20 years old,
architecturally.
That's made of rock.
Like,
this is a flesh thing,
made of four,
four strings of dude.
That's,
that's European,
man.
That's heavy shit.
We got our episode title.
We have a titular moment.
We have had our moment.
We'll say there was,
there was,
when I first,
I,
I wrote on sitcoms for a while.
I wrote at Letterman,
wrote at,
Third Rock for the Sun,
the 70s show,
then got the SNL job.
And there,
it,
I definitely was,
had more of a writer's mentality,
because I would be,
I'd go in and when,
when I would act my own stuff,
I would,
the stuff that I had written,
I would feel very confident in it.
I'd know exactly what to do.
And I would get into my head with,
because I had to remember,
if I would write stuff and,
you know,
sitting back there as other people
would do it and just going,
do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
I wanted it.
And it'd be very, you know,
and,
and so in my head,
as I was doing other people's things,
I would just be thinking about how upset they were
about the choices I was making.
So at the end of the third season at SNL,
over the summer,
there,
there was this really,
the cast was very big.
Lauren was thinking about making changes
and,
and there's a date in July
when you're supposed to be told
whether your option is picked up
And they had Independence Day.
Yeah.
And they held off on picking up my option and it took an extension and for like six weeks
I had to wait and the final conversation I had with him was, he said, you know, you
are thinking too much like a writer, you need to own it a little more.
And of course I'm like, oh fuck this old man, he has no idea, but I come back.
And the more I thought about it, he was absolutely right.
I was just like, I would be too nervous about performing in other people's things.
And so once I, he just, you know, he gave me the best advice of all time, which was
just to go in there and make the characters your own in other people's things.
And we'll just let her rip.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And thank God he let me come back and that really was like, you know, knowing that I had
almost been fired, it all felt like gravy and then it was just like, okay, fuck it.
He's like, look, if these writers knew better than actors, they'd be actors.
Like they, they're so smart, but they can't act like you could come in and take their
stuff and take it to the, take it to the end zone where, yeah, and your experience had
been as a writer.
I would sometimes get their stuff down to like the 25.
But suds, you're probably a little more complicated, right?
Because you're not quite as, I mean, he was a writer forever and you're like, you're,
you're an improviser, which is half and half already.
You're like a golden doodle.
Right.
But you're, you're also, we call Jason suds.
Yeah.
Yes.
All right.
But your passion was for performing originally, I mean, and so, and then they're saying to
you, well, yeah, but you're a writer, right?
And then they're putting you in the writers group.
So when you're out, when you're in front of a camera or on a pink and seafoam poster
with three starlets and then your face, part of my face, they put, they added some stuff
to my face.
Eyebrows.
Yeah.
But I know what you mean.
When you're, when you're, when you're studding it up in front of the unblinking eye over
the shoulder, your beard, your beard and the mother's day poster is really great.
Yeah.
It's really, yeah.
Like, it's like Drake density.
It's like, it's like, it's a healthy, healthy, but my eyebrows, like when I look at, I go,
I wish I told you knows where I'd be if I look like that.
It's like a little kid's hobo costume.
They're stippling involved.
I texted Jason, like a picture of that poster, I said, please, I don't know what this movie
is about, but please tell me that you're a high-priced male hustler.
Yeah.
And your, your eyebrows have their own beards, like it's, it's, you're, you're, you're made
of beards in that.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
No, it's, it's, I am, I'm with you when I saw it, I was just like, yeah, I mean, it was,
you know, whatever.
That's so great.
So are, so are you an actor that has used your extra ability to write to, to, to, I
think so.
I would say, I would say so.
I, I, I do.
I mean, I, I, there's, there's such a, for me, like with acting, like nobody cares, but
like, since you're sort of asking about it, like, of like the left brain, right brain,
like I think I'm, I'm envious of, of actors that can really just like, just like be in
it.
I feel like I can get there because, but my left brain's always working.
The part of you that has to hit a mark, the part of you that has to like know where the
light is and all that kind of stuff, especially like tracking shots, all that stuff, I can
handle really well.
And I think that comes from like playing basketball as a kid, like running plays and stuff, like
it's like,
So sports, sports come back around to haunt me.
But I think it could have happened with like any, any sort of group mentality.
I just didn't have like, you know, the group of kids that in my neighborhood, they played
sports, they didn't put on plays.
You know what I mean?
I don't mean as a smart ass cause I know there are neighborhoods like that and I was lucky
to meet those kind of kids in high school.
But like it, so I'm like always cognizant of like what's, what is needed to happen to
make it like, like at least not have to cut because of some mal, like physical malfunction.
You know what I mean?
That brings up an interesting question.
Forte, do you, you're writing for yourself and that means to a powerful degree, you're
blocking yourself like, like a director could come in and say, no, I think you should be
in the doorway.
Sorry, I burped.
It's gross.
You, you, I think you should be in the doorway and then you should, you should do a somersault
and sometimes directors have great ideas and sometimes they're just directors that the,
the, the, you, you first and foremost, if you're writing a scene.
It's how you respond to that sentence that says more about anything.
You know what I mean?
I'm sure it was very visual, whatever's going on down there, but it doesn't tell a story
at the end of the day and Rob's mind, we need both.
We need both.
Rob is drawing a storyboard of him killing you right now.
No, but, so, I'm doing a bird's eye of taking a shit on his car.
Do you?
Okay.
I wish directors did bird's eyes.
You're doing a shot list of being in your drink.
You're, you sit, you, you, you, you, you have a specific brain.
I mean, you're like, like, like, are you, so you're, here you're this guy that's going
like, you're kind of like, oh, I want this joke to land, et cetera, et cetera.
I won't repeat the process that you took us through, but then you're in a laptop.
So you're writing that a character is going to be played by you and you, I guess the
small part of my question is like, do you do things like mitigate your, your blocking
in the scene?
Do you go like, look, I don't want to do a bunch of complicated shit in this scene because
I'm going to start, I'm only going to be funny if I'm able to sit still and like remember
my lines or, or, or are you like, no, I need to occupy myself, anything like that.
Like, do you, do you, knowing yourself as a performer, when you're writing, do you write
specific things for yourself?
Well, certainly you will write to your strengths, but, but every once in a while there will
be things that bring you outside your comfort zone if, if you get together, together with
the writers and they all think it's a great idea and you think, all right, let's fucking
go for it.
You know, it's, it, it really is a, but for the most part you can, you can really, you'll
know the stuff you're good at, not very good at, and you kind of stick with the stuff you're
good at.
I think all that stuff literally comes down to like trust of, of, you know, like literally
like where I'm going to be, I'll ask, I'll be asked to do this.
Like me staying in my head, I don't think it's necessarily healthy, like all the time
as, as even though I feel connected more as a actor than a writer, the part of me that
doesn't let me get out of my head is probably not giving the person directing me the majority
of the time enough trust to just be out of my own head, to maybe have an assessment of
it.
But I don't in the middle of, of a scene.
It's only like when looking at the sides or thinking about it, if they suggest something,
I'll be like, oh no.
So I think like with stuff, you would have stuff in your head in scenes that we would
do and then we would sort of talk about stuff and maybe you would feel, you're always very
accommodating.
It's not like you're rigid and like, I wrote it this way, so it has to be this way.
Oh yeah.
And if, and if, and if there's ever a director that wants to try something that's different
than what I was thinking, it's always somebody like Jason Wallner who knows his shit and
John Solomon are, you know, best buddy and, and, you know, these, these wonderful people
who are super smart and, and, you know, got the bone to Rob Schrab for, you know, just
for.
Yeah, get them in there.
I'm sure.
Schrab, Schrab, I'm sure is great.
Yeah.
Like, yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah.
No, I've always, I've never, well, I've, well, I've had what you've had, which is like
you write something, you hear it a certain way in your head, and it would be great if
they did it exactly that way.
Sometimes it's right in the bubble where you're trying to figure out, do I just want to hear
this the way it was in my head?
Am I objectively hearing it like, so I can decide actually, oh, that's, that's fine.
No.
Uh, then there's the, then there's the getting past that there's the, oh, someone, please
help me with this.
And if a director can think of a better blocking and sometimes, you know, um, like, like, like
Heath Cullen's on, on Great Minds will like, like, like, I'll have a very basic thing in
my head and then he'll go, yeah, but what if, what if the person was sitting behind the
doorway and then you entered, so then we could all get it in one shot.
There's always different shaped brains and they all overlap and, um, I'm sure Rob's great
at something.
The, um, the, uh, I told you he wouldn't have fun.
I just remembered something that, uh, so we finished, I think I need a table next time.
Next time I'm on the show.
Oh yeah.
What are you going to do with that table?
Nothing I guess.
Maybe you could use it to, uh, distant or a fuck.
Maybe you can use it to stutter and emotionally distance yourself from the people on stage.
It is so weird.
I mean, he brings Spencer out first and he sits in the corner and we never talked from
first.
Yeah.
Oh, I mean.
And now you're bringing me out.
Yeah.
No, yeah.
I was slowly going to fill the stage full of people who don't talk.
No.
Well, it's our fault.
You guys were all kicking in before we got out here.
It's all good.
I just don't know anything about comedy or directing or, you know, those things you
guys are talking about.
Right.
But otherwise you could be sure I'd be in there with barbs and jabs and bits.
Why don't we talk about barbs?
Oh, man.
You want to talk about barbs for a second?
Can we do a little barb corner?
Yeah.
Barb Thomas.
Jesus Christ.
Adrienne Barbo.
There we go.
Hey, Jason, Barb is in there.
Jason, you brought a basketball earlier.
You and I.
No.
No, no, no, no.
This is.
No, no.
This is, this is more about comedy than about sports.
Jason and I, Jason grew up in Kansas.
Correct.
He used to play with some dudes from the J-hawks, right?
Like from the team.
Sure.
Yeah.
I mean.
And Jason Sonegas, this dude can play basketball.
He's really good.
Well, not compared to those guys.
But compared to everybody probably here, I would say, I can get rebound.
But also like, you love your high top basketball shoes to the extent that you're, we went
to your house.
You got a room, you got a whole walk-in closet that's just for your high top basketball shoes,
which is.
There's low tops too.
Yeah.
I mean, with that much room, you got to have low tops too.
Do you have any medium tops?
Three-quarter tops?
Yeah.
I'm wearing some.
Damn, those tops are three-quarters.
You are kidding.
Look at those tops.
Yeah.
They don't go all the way up.
So Jason and I.
And they don't go all the way down either.
They're kind of like, split the difference tops.
They can't make a choice.
Those tops, those tops split the difference.
Oh.
Between the high and the low, those are some Wednesday tops, 50% of the tops.
So Jason and I went to go play basketball.
So we went to a.
Justifying.
We went to a basketball court.
Cosby at the end.
Those are some Wednesday tops.
Those are, those tops are completely, those tops are, I'm telling you Camille, those
tops are halfway up the ankle.
That's not funny anymore.
I know it's not.
No.
It is.
It is actually.
It's getting funnier.
The fact that we're not talking about why it isn't funny.
We're making it really funny.
And you were with Camille.
It's really funny.
So Jason and I go play a pickup game in West Hollywood, like on San Vicente.
And I played there before and it's, it's pretty intense, like pickup basketball game.
And some of the guys that talk a lot of trash, it's a lot of like a lot of big mouths.
And it's usually the guys that aren't that good that are talking the most trash.
Oh.
But isn't that just the truth?
Isn't that?
So I missed my free throw.
You got to make a free throw to get in the game.
I missed my free throw.
Jason gets on a team.
So I'm just chilling.
And Jason, I think you matched up against one of the biggest loud mouths on the opposing
team.
I usually do.
And Jason had the funniest shit talk of all time.
He kept scoring on this dude.
And every time he'd come down the court, he would say, do you know that they call me the
electrician?
Like he would, he would have a new occupation.
So he'd be dribbin' the ball, and the guy hated him so much, he's like, they call me
the electrician, and he'd shoot it, and he goes, because I'm puttin' the lights out.
What were the other ones?
I'm sure the waiter.
What was the waiter?
Like, dropping, no, no, no, the waiter was servin' up funky dishes.
There was the plumber.
Clumsy cashier was droppin' dimes.
I like that you could be there.
You'd be so good at basketball that you'd become bad at another job.
They call me the terrible mailman, because I'm not bringing anything to you.
Get out of my diner, don't play basketball!
I said get!
But I remember the other team- I'm such a terrible janitor at this diner, I should
be mere!
Yeah, a lot of people don't sniff that out, right?
What book did he read that made him think he could be Mary Harrell Hill Valley?
But there was a point when you were pissing off that guy, that even his own teammates
were laughing at him, because you kept clownin' him, and it was the greatest.
I just remembered one thing from the Mushroom Adventure.
After my hand was laid on the surface of the water, and I communed with all life, Cody
was back in the bungalow, rolling around on the bed, because it was soft, and then
I went and we made the mistake of trying all kinds of things, but you don't need to know
about that, or picture it.
I want to know everything about that.
I want to know a little bit about that.
But there was a point, I wrote down the quote, both individually rolling around, because
for me the ceiling was like a pool, and there was like, I might fall in it if I close my
eyes, and then Cody said, I want a baby, or maybe, or maybe I just want a soft bathrobe.
And she should have the right to make that choice.
No, no, that's...
That is a woman's decision.
Alright guys, thanks so much.
It's one of the two though for sure, so it's a kind of...
Jason, can we talk about this the first time that I ever did it?
Are you okay talking about it?
The mushrooms?
Yeah.
What do you mean, like sponsors and stuff?
Like my AA sponsors?
Exactly.
No, I'm fine with it.
The first time I ever did mushrooms was...
What was your friend's name?
Mike.
Mike Lucas.
And the three of us, we did it, and we went to your apartment.
Is that the correct thing that it was right on the intersection where Tupac was murdered?
Yeah, Flamingo and Koval, yeah.
They'd cleaned it up since then, but yeah, it was...
Yeah, that's where it was.
The meridian was the name of the...
There was a little ritual that you guys put me through at the beginning, we chopped up
the stems and the caps, and there was some little vehicle, like a little choo-choo train
or a little...
That was all improvised, like that was Mike being stoned before, I think, on mushrooms,
and just a very, like, creative guy.
There was, like, a little, like, wheelbarrow or choo-choo train.
We created, like, a little, like, a little, um, altar kind of thing, ceremonial altar.
Yeah, and you had to make a wish, and you had to push the choo-choo train with the mushrooms
in it.
Yeah, I remember that.
And if it fell over, that was good luck or bad luck.
Oh, yeah!
That all makes sense.
Why do we even need these drugs?
Yeah.
What are we doing?
We're fine!
So, we're fine.
Do zips, abs, up, and hit the town.
Exactly.
So, yeah.
So, three of us...
Yeah, when you're that desperate to have a good time together, you probably will.
All you need?
Yeah.
Ex-body spray.
So, for some reason, we do something really non-intuitive.
We all go to the Hard Rock Casino, which is just a bunch of assholes.
Oh, my God, the worst.
But we stood there in the circle bar in the middle of the casino, and I remember the three
of us...
Why is it called the Circle Bar?
It's a great question.
It's a good question.
Fair question.
Yep.
Uh, because it was named after Jonathan Circle, who discovered it while chasing a bear.
Uh, it's a circular bar in the middle of the casino, which is also a circularly shape.
Didn't we end up calling it like the Shark's Nest or something?
We had some weird name for it.
Yeah, because, well, we...
I had this...
And, like, we stood there like a little triangle facing each other.
At the Circle Bar.
Yeah, right?
Like, like, three squares.
Something's wrong with this picture.
But people kept coming up to us...
Why are you at the Circle Bar if you're in a triangle position?
Do it as Bill Cosby.
Why are you in the...
I can't do it.
All right.
So...
Excuse me.
No, no, I can't do it.
I'm sorry.
I'm going.
People were...
We were just laughing so hard and finishing each other's sentences, and there were moments
where we weren't talking at all, and we were just, like, like, making eye contact and
laughing, and I was like, what did you think I just said?
Yeah.
And you would say exactly what I thought.
We were all...
It was a good...
It was a good hive mind going on, for sure.
So this guy came up and he had, like, a bad, like, kind of a shiny shirt he bought at a
Vegas store, and he kind of looked like he was having a bad night, and, like, he was,
like, one of the few people that came up to us and said, hey, is it okay if I hang out
with you guys?
Oh.
We were like, why?
Like, because, like, you guys are having so much fun.
We're...
Absolutely.
Like, you can hang out.
So he laughed and laughed and laughed.
Then we stood by the...
The...
Near the bathrooms.
Were the trombones in the air?
Yeah.
Saxophones.
It was...
There was, like, a chandelier made of saxophones.
And there's a dome, and so, like, you can hear the sounds from across the other side.
Oh, yeah.
So if someone's walking that way, their voice hits the dome, and it sounds like they're
behind you.
You maybe have seen, like, that, like, rotunda, kind of, yeah.
And we're laughing and laughing.
And you were going nuts at this point, you know?
Like...
It was...
It was six hours of just, like, hysteria.
The thing I was talking about today, because when it came up when you get...
When I knew what you guys did yesterday, I was at this, you know, barbecue, and drugs
came up.
Not that we had any.
We didn't.
But I talked about mushrooms, and the thing I talked about was that I remember really
well, people walking to the bathroom, and then them walking out and being able to tell
so clearly by, like, their aura, their whole vibe that they got, went and did cocaine.
Like, I swear to God.
It was like...
Oh, look at...
Oh, she's pretty cute.
Oh, wow.
There you...
Jesus, what did she do?
Like...
And nothing...
Nothing visual.
It was just, like, this...
Like, a ramped-up energy that you're like, what was going on?
And I'm, like, such a bumpkin when it came to that stuff.
And then we just had, like, people that just wanted to be with us and hang out.
Yeah, yeah, we were...
So happy.
Yeah, we were...
And we were like...
We were all, like, three Jimmy Stewart's.
We were just like, hey, how you doing?
Like, anybody that came down...
And then you...
I mean, you are tall as shit.
Mike was tall as shit and bald, like, you know, like shaved head.
And then...
So I was just...
And I was just in the middle there, you know, point guard, and I was like...
We were just having...
Serving up fucking dishes.
Serving up the high dishes, up top.
Yeah.
So I had...
At this time, I had been to the hard rock probably four or five times in my life before
that.
And so the next time I go there, it's about a year later, and I walk into the circle bar
and I'm like, oh, this is the place.
And I walk up to the bartender and I said, because this is wooden, like, staircases
that go up into the circle bar.
And it was stationary.
I'm like, when did this stop being a rotating bar?
And the guy's like, what?
I go, this used to be a rotating bar.
And he goes, no, I go, oh, shit.
Yeah.
I remember it because the lights would always make you feel like you're like...
There'd be a guy that was standing perfectly still, but in my mind, he was going in a circle.
He was orbiting like a planet.
And then he would reappear over there.
I'm like, man, these people just keep spinning around us.
It was so great.
My favorite time, you weren't there, but...
And I hope he doesn't mind me saying this, but I just think it's one of the funniest
things I've ever seen.
I know the mushrooms help, but I think you have to be able to...
If you've been to Vegas, you can picture this.
Dan Backadal, who also did Second City with me in Vegas, a bunch of us got together.
I think Jeremy might have been there.
We were out in front of the Bellagio with those dancing...
They call them the Dancing Fountains and everything.
And we're all deciding...
Mushrooms basically is like, especially at Vegas, is like, you go to a pack.
You stand in a circle.
You laugh at all the fucking crazy shit going on around you, above you, behind you, walking by you.
And then you walk for four feet to say, okay, let's go somewhere.
You get there and then you're like...
Then it happens again.
You know what I mean?
That's how we got there.
We posted...
We had two locations, the bar and then the saxophone.
We kind of went back and forth to them.
We were inside the Bellagio and it was like fucking Mark's brothers.
But you also adopt...
If you're out of mushrooms, you also adopt different...
It's not just let's go back to the circle bar.
It's like, let's go to the cookie tree.
That's what it was.
The shark tank or whatever it was called.
Everything becomes its own inside joke.
It's like, you're going around the monopoly board multiple times and renaming stuff.
And so there's like a group of six of us and five of us over here.
And then all of a sudden we just turn around and back at all, just watching the fountains.
And we could slowly start to figure out that he's pretending like he's their choreographer.
We're all like...
And he's doing it for us, but I think he really was doing it.
It was so brilliant.
And he did it for like the rest of whatever fucking Selena...
Not Selena Gomez, what's her name?
Celine Dion song at that point.
This was the 70s.
My heart will go on probably.
It probably was.
Yeah, some paparazzi song.
It was so fun.
That town's a mess.
It needs it.
What do you guys think about people who are concerned about people doing drugs who don't?
Because I feel like there are some of them who are concerned about people,
and that's why they're concerned about people doing drugs.
And then I feel like there's the 85% of them that are getting high off of other people's drug use
and are really happy to be concerned about something.
Like the sanctimony of it?
Yeah.
Like whether they're... Some of those people are recovered and then you kind of go,
okay, so you fought a demon and you're happy about it and now you want that to be your thing.
But then still some people, I think there's just a little slice of genuinely evil people
who have never done it, will never need to do it, have never done anything,
have never cared about anyone and are kind of feeling the unconscious suspicion
that maybe they're sociopaths or that they'll never have a connection to anybody.
And that they've found this loophole in society where there's this thing where it's like,
oh, I'm so concerned about that person.
And it's like they found this little shortcut between this little wormhole that society offers
where you can simultaneously be a good person but be the most villainous piece of shit in the world
that doesn't care about anyone and has never done anything nice for anybody.
It's just filled with emotional toxicity and passive aggression.
It just siphons the life force off of everyone around you.
A good sativa would help that, you know?
Just like a little boop, not a boop, a boop, they'd be gone.
Yeah, and I think they know that and I think that they feel that that would be annihilation
because it would be eliminating the part of them that is more them than the rest of them.
And I think that they don't like being surrounded with any reminders
that maybe you should just relax and not have that much of an opinion about anybody else.
And they kind of enjoy the fact that statistically speaking,
sooner or later, people who are okay with drugs,
statistically speaking, every once in a while one of them dies or has a problem or gets sick.
And I think they kind of fucking love that.
I think they really love that.
I think they love that as much as we, just Western society,
loves the fact that every once in a while a suicide vest goes off prematurely.
We were stoked to hear about that.
And I think there are people who show up at memorials for writers that overdose.
They're there for the same reason I am on the surface,
but underneath it they're like, this is fucking cool.
I knew I was right.
Maybe.
Yeah, I don't know.
And some of those people run shows
and some of those people spread their cult to everyone underneath them and fuck you.
Do they know who they are?
No, no, no.
Let's keep it that way.
You can just tell me, you can just address me directly, Dan.
Come on, man.
No, the entire time you were saying that,
I was thinking about the father from the guy from Footloose,
who just, if he just danced, if he just tried to dance once.
And he did once at his wedding or something, you know.
Was that, I never saw Footloose.
No, no, I did, but you never saw Footloose.
But you get it.
Yeah.
How have you never seen Footloose?
I don't know.
You know the song though, right?
I haven't seen, what's the, not Goonies, what's the other, I've seen Goonies.
What's the other one that?
Star Trek.
The other one, King Kong.
No, I haven't seen Goonies.
I saw Gremlins, but I haven't seen Goonies.
But Will, this is really weird to me because in your Wikipedia page it said that recently...
You've seen Goonies.
Recently.
It says in your Wikipedia page you've seen Goonies.
I like to get it out there that I've seen Goonies, but it's like a, you got to update that.
Recently you were in a radio play performance.
You're doing something on Broadway now, it's like a radio play that's, it's an adaptation
of Footloose, isn't it?
You were...
It's a loose...
Like it's a...
A loose Footloose?
Footlooser?
It's kind of foot, foot, foot tighter.
Foot tighter.
Foot tighter because it's still loose.
And the subtitle is a loose interpretation of the Footloose.
Is that a working title or is that a done deal?
Doesn't matter, doesn't matter.
Is it alright if we do, if we do a scene from, from that?
Yeah.
Like, like, like...
Sure.
You play the Kevin Bacon role, Thaddeus foot.
Yes.
Um, and uh, well let's, like, like, like, like, you guys are off book, right?
Yeah, but it's only because I've seen it a bunch.
Right.
Schrab, you know the performance we're talking about.
I'm not studied in it.
I might pass out.
Yeah?
I don't feel really good right now.
What's, what's wrong?
No, we're starting the show, right?
Oh...
Oh.
Shit, this is...
Maybe...
I...
You just need to dance.
Oh, this, by the way, this is, um, they do this amazing thing in the show where, like,
if you're sitting in the audience, this is happening two seats down from you.
This is like a thing that happens.
I will never...
Mark my words.
I will never, ever, ever dance.
Period.
Uh...
That's the end.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Isn't that quick?
That's the end of the show?
We did not get good reviews.
Yeah.
That is true.
I gotta test that.
Wait, so the show starts with two people, the audience doing that, and that's the end
of the show?
Yep.
Oh yeah, easy to say now.
Yeah.
It sounds stupid when you say it.
I will say the production budget is so inexpensive that it actually kind of makes money.
Yeah, it's the always sunny in Philadelphia of Broadway shows.
It's like, it's the most profitable Broadway show in America on Broadway.
Yeah, we don't even need a stage.
It's brilliantly conceived, but I don't know, I just have a hard time when people finally
get to see something.
All the work that went into that.
And then for you, just the chip away at it.
It's like, you know what I mean, it's easy to do now.
I just feel like it had first, second, and third act problems.
Yeah, no, I don't disagree there, but still, you know.
Do you remember the Goonies show that you were in?
That was a longer time ago.
I do remember.
Never feed them after midnight.
Do not get them wet.
And a third thing.
But it's probably been discussed, I'm sure, on this exact show.
But when can they start feeding them again if it's after midnight?
Well, isn't that answered in this scene from the Goonies play that you guys did?
When Dan is trying to express to you guys, he wants to do some improv right now.
Oh shit, that was that.
Oh shit.
It's too seamless.
It goes right by me.
You're off duty.
I mean, I'm not explicit about it.
Jason and Will, what you guys don't know is that Harmontown over the years,
we're nearing our, is this our 199th episode?
Is that true?
Yeah.
Wow.
There we go.
Here we go, everybody.
199 episodes.
Chris and it, we got to break it over the-
Right in this bottle.
What, this show's, as much as a show used to be a kind of a,
kind of a haphazard, loose, rambling thing,
we, I think we can say that we're one of the greatest long form improv shows of all time.
It's, we do some of the most well crafted storytelling character driven long form improv.
What was the suggestion, indulgence?
It was indulgence and goonies.
It was.
It was goonies too.
It's nice we finally got back to it.
Yeah.
People love that.
Did the person that suggested, still here?
2011.
I'd like to take this moment to thank Jane for bringing me a special absence, by the way.
Ooh.
Oh yeah.
Do you guys want to try some of this?
This shit gets you high.
Is it a real deal?
It's a real deal.
The wormwood gets in the brain.
You see the gritting fairy.
Jane, did you make this glass too?
I commissioned it.
You commissioned the glass?
Jane works at Corning Institute, right?
Corning Glassworks.
She's the Tony Stark of glass blowing.
Technology.
And she said she has a gift for us.
He's got half of it.
Do you want to present, do you want to present that gift now?
It seems like a good time.
Oh, look at this.
Oh.
It's beautiful tumblers.
Can you, do you want to explain it?
Explain it.
It's a glass.
It's a sodium calcium silicate.
No.
Can you be more specific?
Twenty-eight percent calcium oxide.
Believe me, I can do it.
Sorry.
At what temperature do those two elements bond together and form glass?
Fahrenheit or centigrade?
Let's go centigrade.
Oh, gosh, no, let's do Fahrenheit.
Come on, I'm the guest.
I'm bi, I can do both.
Yeah, but thank you.
Give us both, but put them in whatever order you want.
2150 Fahrenheit.
2150.
That's when you get everything all melted in.
You can gather it and work it.
2150.
About, yeah, about 1150 centigrade or Celsius, I should say.
Damn, damn, damn, damn.
So, yeah, so I, you've got the double rocks.
You've got the single rocks glass.
These were designed, I designed them.
So based on, perfect.
That's what it's for.
Well done.
It works.
But so there's supposed to be sort of a mash-up of a classic rocks glass with the solo cup,
which is sort of one of the symbols of Harmontown.
That's awesome.
So in honor of the 200th episode for Jeff and Dan,
he's got the absent of Malice.
Take a big swing out that will, because we had a guest when we were in New York,
Rory, what was Rory's last name, Dan?
Albanese.
Yeah, yeah, Albanese.
And he got, he lost his fucking mind.
He did.
He went completely bonkers.
Rory was drinking it like Welch's Grape Soda.
Yeah, he was going at it.
At some point, I just took the bottle away from him.
It was like, no, no, no, no, no.
I want to taste it.
Dan's also got the earth shine.
The original that I brought in episode 7800 and how many episodes ago.
Latest version.
It's actually not 135 proof now.
I've dropped it down to about 110.
So you can actually drink it.
Oh.
Cheers.
Also, what I love, David.
The olive oil.
No, no.
That's the absence of Malice.
You take this, you infuse it with warm wood and about 15 or 20 other things.
Distill it again.
Add some more color to it.
And so that's homemade absence.
That's just homemade.
If you're listening at home right now, start a podcast.
People just start making you booze.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
It's what I'm here for.
It's called The Secret.
I found my place.
These glasses are gorgeous.
Thank you so much.
That's amazing.
Hey, Jane, thank you.
Jane says, I'm done with Sergio.
Treats me like a rag doll.
Nineties.
I was into Jane's addiction and Phil Collins at the exact same time.
I was a master of both worlds.
That's your duality.
That's like your Batman Bruce Wayne.
All right.
Well, so yeah, I was trying to pimp us to do a little improv thing because you're both
so talented, but it didn't work out that way.
Oh, I fucked up.
I fucked up.
I didn't know that.
It's not you guys.
I didn't know you wanted more than that.
It's really, it's mostly Schrab who knows better.
I mean, the only reason I started doing it is because Schrab started doing it.
Like, I never wanted to do that in this show.
And then Schrab would come on and he's delightful and he would like go into these dumb sketches.
You think I'm delightful, Dan?
Here this whole time, I thought you didn't think about me like that.
I thought, I thought, I thought you thought it was a fucking piece of shit.
Anyways, here's, here's Will Forte's Goonies play.
We're going to do a scene from it that's premiering next week on Broadway at 9.
Douglas, Douglas, it's 7.58 a.m. and the Goonies very hungry.
Give them some to eat.
There's a half a sandwich in the fridge.
I got to go to work.
How do we know what time is the appropriate save time?
I guess we got to pop in the movie.
There's no need to pop in the movie.
I told you after midnight, I'm the one that gave you that movie.
Claudius Johnson, Tyrell Blackman.
Thanks, Claudius.
But Claudius, hear me out here.
Even if it's 11.58 p.m., it's 23 hours and 58 minutes after midnight.
He makes a good point, Claudius.
I got to go to work.
Y'all thinking with that ass burger brain.
Claudius.
You got to feel the Goonie rules.
Feel him in your heart and your mind will follow.
Magical Blackman trope away!
Claudius, Douglas, something's happening to me inside.
I'm feeling something.
The left part of my body, upper part, by my chest.
What's wrong?
It's beneath my rib cage.
Blood's pumping through it.
Your heart?
That must be it!
Oh, buddy, that's okay.
Everyone's got a heart.
Nothing you got to be worried about.
You got to get to work.
I hope it's not work.
Hello?
What the fuck?
When are you getting to work here?
These newspapers are piled up to the ceiling.
Will you get over here?
I can't even get out of my office.
I can't get out of my office with all these newspapers piled up to the ceiling.
Extra, extra.
Oh, where should I put this one?
Hey, I'm on the phone.
I'll just put it on top of this big pile.
Now they're past the ceiling.
Hey, what...
I really got to go.
Maybe if...
Look, look, we really got to figure this out.
I'd love to.
Hang on.
Scar is 69.
Hello?
Hi, yeah.
Douglas is...
Be careful.
It's my own source of income.
Who is this?
I'm a busy man.
Oh, shit.
See?
Lot easier, right?
Lot easier than you'd think.
And then you get in there and your whole mind goes nuts.
He's intimidating, but he pays so well.
I know.
By the way, friggin' Star 69 still works.
God.
Why do you think this is my only source of income?
Because my prank phone call albums don't sell anymore.
Because I can't make them.
Look, maybe...
Maybe we can kiss this away.
What?
What are you talking about?
I touch you once.
I touch you twice.
I can't show with work with all that lipstick on my face.
People will think I'm a tramp.
No, I hate that.
Don't show up to work.
Show up to the wedding altar.
Are you trying to tell me that you're going to spend your father's fortune on our life?
I can't think of another thing that would be more worthy of that $750.
Well, then I think on the way to the chapel, we go kill that son of a bitch.
That's why I love you.
Meanwhile, I will always love you.
I will always love you.
And the fountains are going like this.
And the fountains are like that.
And Dan Backadall is doing the choreography.
And the mushrooms are going...
Is everybody on their phone?
What's going on?
No, we were watching.
We were enraptured.
I feel like a good edit point.
I don't know.
Oh, oh, oh.
Meanwhile, in Buddy's heart...
I represent anger.
I represent satisfaction.
And I'm John Lovitz.
Buddy's not satisfied anymore.
That's the ticket.
Let's make him feel like dancing.
Outside, Buddy.
Yeah, yeah, you were...
I'm Douglas, your buddy.
Oh.
You know, sometimes when I don't take my medication, I forget my name and such.
Yeah, that's why you gotta take it every morning and night.
Buddy?
Buddy, it's your father.
I overheard you talking about killing me and taking my fortune.
Sir, that was mostly me.
I gotta be honest.
Oh, Douglas!
I never thought you two were a good match.
I just wanted to let you know one thing.
There's a dance competition tonight.
Buddy, Douglas.
Buddy's father.
This is your father.
Oh, shit.
I overheard you talking to Buddy and Douglas about the dance contest.
Yes, Daddy.
I thought you...
I thought you died decades ago.
Death is a figment.
Time is man's enemy.
Oh, I gotta go to work.
You will go to work if you and I switch places.
Because I'm jealous of your youth.
And you need to learn about acumen.
Okay, but I mean, should I just like switch outfits so you want to go to work for me?
That sounds awesome.
I will tell you this.
It won't work that way.
Dad?
Yeah, hold on.
Dad, I overheard you talking about switching places with my son.
You know, we have a goonie in the basement.
If you think...
Oh, fuck it. I'm just gonna feed him.
Oh, no. No!
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.
Slamming.
Brazz, that's our tank.
We need a machine gun!
Oh, no. A machine gun.
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.
Me-na, me-n-mine-mine.
What have you done?
Me-n-mine-mine-mine.
You got this?
Buddy...
Oh, come on.
Oh, don't you fools know that if you feed a goonie any time after midnight, even if
it's in the PM of the next day, that their nipples start to shoot laser beams?
But it's not the PM of the next day.
It's 8.02 AM.
Oh, shit.
Woof-woof-woof-woof-woof!
Ow!
Oh, my ass!
Buddy, what did you do?
Why did you feed me?
I fed him.
Sweeties.
Sweeties, I'm a fat piece of shit now.
I'm so sad.
Oh no, now he's all body conscious.
Later at the dance contest.
All right, everybody, it's the big dance contest.
You know the rules, best dancer wins,
everybody else dies.
Oh, shit, I broke my leg earlier.
Dancing doesn't require legs, it requires a spirit.
Ow, you're doing it, buddy, you're doing it.
Ow, oh my God, Brenda, look at Buddy dancing with that goonie.
They're amazing.
I'm a fat piece of shit.
Ow, I don't know how long I have to dance for.
The rules were unspecified.
Don't worry about the rules.
Ow, just dance.
Whatever happens, happens.
Douglas, how did you get out of the dancing competition?
Work.
I declare a winner.
Two winners, to be exact.
But as you know, the rules can only be one winner.
Everyone else dies.
It's a dance off between the goonie and Buddy.
Who goes first?
Buddy.
Fuck.
It's okay, buddy, just set the table.
Just set the table and there's nothing you can do
once you set the table.
Douglas, that's a great idea.
Clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank,
clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank, clank.
Forks go on the left side.
You can remember that because it's four letters in fork and on left.
Spoons go on the right, knives go on the right.
He's doing it perfect and he's never been at a restaurant.
What is he doing?
He's setting the table.
Whatever he's doing, he's doing it good.
Oh no, Claudia's black man.
I'm out of here.
I've been noted as a trope.
I set the table, Douglas.
I set the table.
I felt like I participated in some way.
You were there the whole time with my fucking heart.
All right, cats and kitty, you just saw a buddy set the table.
Now it's time for the final course.
We got the goonies.
Eat shit and die.
I told you not to feed me.
Holy shit, he's eating from the table that got set by body.
I've never seen anything like it.
And I put shit on the plates.
He's literally eating shit.
I wonder if he'll die.
Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa.
Oh, sunlight, CG.
A crucifix logo.
The Lamb of God.
Ecclesias 117.
And I saw a man on a horse.
And his sword was justice.
For he who shall not let him in the door shall need for nothing.
I am Tetsuo.
I think we have a winner, everybody.
The winner is the goonie.
Oh, man.
I can't believe that Goonie-
That's right.
The winner.
You all thought I couldn't do it.
And I did it.
Where's the trophy?
You're all fucking dead.
Give it to me.
Give me the trophy.
Here's your trophy, goonie.
There's one thing you might want to think about.
Bruce Willis, what are you doing here?
Making trophies out of silver.
Goonies hate silver.
Yeah, buddy, make him deep throat the trophy.
Yeah.
Finish.
It's a new way that you use it, come and it goes, it's a new way that you use it.
Wow.
That's a good movie.
And that was on Broadway, and that was one scene, and we were just reading it.
That's great.
I'm going to go see that.
The thrill, the thrill of live theater, you know?
What a rush.
Man, oh man.
They say it's dead.
No one's more bummed out than Piven.
No friggin' Tonys.
Zero Tony nominations.
Not a single person that votes for the Tonys came to see it, it slapped in the face.
It's a rigged system, the Tonys.
We did use a Tony Tony Tony song in it, so that was kind of, we did get three times.
It feels good.
That's the one.
Yeah.
That was it.
What happened to Tony Tony Tony?
This little, this little doing show?
No, Cersei.
I don't know.
Well, you know how early silent movie stars were, like the talkies came, and if they had
speech impediments, they didn't make the translation, Tony Tony Tony clearly not a search bar, iTunes
compatible band.
What spelling of Tony are you going to type in first?
You don't know.
You're going to type in T-O-N, and hope it comes up in the fucking list.
What you should do is change it into three different versions of Tony, if each Tony
was a different version.
That's why they're...
Right there.
Yeah.
Isn't one of them Raphael Siddiq?
I think one of those guys might be, that doesn't go on and have a very nice solo career,
I think.
What happened to...
Also, you got your Bell Biff DeVos.
What happened to the Bells and the Biffs?
Spending money, man.
They made a lot of money there to spend it.
Was Top 40 music, I guess that was Top 40 music, it was like playing during the dances
where I go to school, I'm like, I suddenly was all, it was all about sex, like I'm not
saying, I mean, obviously as the future continues, the music, it gets more and more sexual.
But it seemed like back then, it was like, I'm remembering when I was 16 to 18, it seemed
like every song on the radio was just about, it was only just, it was just like, all that,
like that song was like, if the rhythm feels good to the baby, let me hear you, ah, baby.
It was like an orgasm used as an instrument.
And then that poison song, it was like, yeah, it was like everything was doom-y and sweating.
That's what happens when bodies start slapping.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna sex you up, girl, I'll make you feel my death,
erecting gorge with all my blood, insert it into the corresponding hole, that's how babies
get made.
Yeah, exactly.
There's a lot of safe sex songs too.
It's weird because at that time, sex was, was a very dangerous thing.
Yep, it was dangerous as it was ever gonna get, and it was like, we don't have to take
a close-off, close-off, close-off, close-off, close-off, close-off, close-off, close-off.
That was me, that was me acting like I know how to harmonize, no, but I mean, what was
that, I never said a real song, we don't have to take a close-off, close-off, close-off,
close-off, close-off, close-off.
I don't remember that one!
We could just play a board game, meet your parents, and be a tribe.
It's all about over-the-pants hand job.
doing the running man?
the best kind, because you never have to find out what's inside.
Jason, how many minutes front to back do you think you spent on camera, on SNL,ICO
Jason, how many minutes front to back do you think you spent on camera, on SNL, doing
the Running Man?
I bet if you add it up together, it's going to seem like a lot more just in perception,
but I bet it's probably 12 minutes, and it was exhausting.
Because I have a real bone to pick with this whole new Running Man challenge.
I don't like new generations taking things.
I gave hashtag away that was pound when I was a kid, we gave it away, but the Running
Man challenge, which I love, I love the song, I love the spirit behind it, but it's not
the Running Man.
I just want to put that on record.
What is the Running Man challenge?
The Running Man challenge is that it's to that great song, I forget who sings it, but
it's like a kid started in a high school, and it's them dancing, and then now college
basketball teams did it, and it hasn't hit like water bucket challenge level, and there's
no charity attached to it whatsoever.
People are just like, let's get these diseases out of the way, I challenge you to eat a candy
bar.
It's just the young, exactly young.
For who?
For me.
For friendship.
For your tummy.
You're starving.
For hunger.
You know it's a bummer, a friend of mine hangs out at our local bar in the drawing room,
he's an editor, and he said, hey Jeff, if you're free over the next couple days, I want
you to be in this, I need a couple of extra clips for this music video that I'm editing,
and it's like a silly song, but I think it's going to be pretty big.
I'm like, yeah, I don't know, it sounds dumb, and he sent me this clip, he sent me a clip
of what I have to do, like it's a dance I have to do, I'm like, I don't know, and so
I said, some friends of mine, they should be in it, and they were in it, and he's like,
I think you should be in it, it'd be really funny to have you in it, and what it was was
the watch me whip, watch me nae nae video, and I could have been in that stupid piece
of shit.
How funny would that be just for me in a suit, just doing the whip or the nae nae, I don't
know what it is, I'm behind, I don't know what it is, it's like, it's insert, you remember
what the Macarena was, like you're a structure guy, like it's like just extrapolate.
Well, yeah, but that's how you become a curmudgeon is by saying, sounds like another Macarena.
No.
Well, only if this is just the shadow again, the Star Wars, not remembering how much joy
the Macarena gave you, especially you, you have no me specifically, yes, I called you
about it.
Yeah, because it was the morning, I don't know what to do, and it wasn't even weird
to get a phone call, that's how long ago it was, and I was like, yeah, man, I know it's
pretty intense, and, and I think it made you, you said it made you feel like you went to
spring break, even though you never got to go to spring break or something, whatever
it was, that joy that you had at that point, people are whipping in Naina and getting that
joy.
All right, no, I did, I went to visit my parents in Florida once, only once, well, one time
too many, ah, that's a crazy family, they should be on TV, the Harmons.
We wouldn't call it Harmontown?
No, why would you?
No, no, no, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not cutting up this pie any more slices, ah, this shit's
solid gold, maybe.
You think I watched Sony Crackle get in a piece of this action?
Um, the, the, ah, the Macarena, I went to visit my parents in Florida when the Macarena
was popular, and there was this, it's Florida, so, and they lived in this like kind of community
for old people, my parents were like, they would go to like early bird dinners and stuff,
and there was this, there was this sort of big wooden deck, and there was a woman with
a boom box, and there was a bunch of old people, they were all learning the Macarena, and I,
I was like, this is my chance to learn the Macarena without any concern about anything.
If anything, I'm like, ah, no matter how awkward I am, I'm still like Jamie Lee Curtis in
perfect, you know, like I'm still our John Travolta, like, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm,
There's a good chance you're going to pick it up before the other, right?
Yeah, where is this?
It's just like, no one's going to beat me up, and if anyone makes fun of me, I'll push
them over and run, and, and so I, I, you know, my then girlfriend and I, like, like, like
we learned the Macarena, and it was fun, I understand the cultural, I don't need to sign
off on the cultural efficacy of popular songs, it's there, but what's this whip, whip, my
name, name?
I don't know how to do it, it's, it ends like this.
Whip, whip, my name, name, whip, my name, name,
But my friend Rich, who edited the video, he sent me this clip of the guy, what's his
name?
I don't even know the...
I don't remember.
Cilento.
And he sent me this clip.
He served with your food, but it tastes like soap.
I think I, I think I still have this clip.
It's Cilento talking straight to camera, saying, alright, there's a bunch of dances in this
one, this one's called the whip, and this one's called the nae nae, and so he shows them
all, and one's called, watch me, watch me, watch me, watch me, watch me, watch me, okay,
the next one's called, don't watch me, don't watch me, like, it's just like, it went on
forever and I was like, this guy looks like a lunatic.
I think you have that clip.
Would you press play on that clip right now, Jeff, and press play on that clip?
I think we have it right now.
I think we have it.
Oh, oh yeah, I do.
Play.
Uh, Forte, do it.
Alright, he sent the table, he sent the table, oh god.
Set that, set that, set that table, the table, set that, set that, set that, set that table.
Well I just, yeah.
Oh, he's going upstairs, oh, he forgot something, he's climbing a ladder, he's going, where's
he going?
Oh, he's going around, oh shit, oh no, oh no, he's a bear, he's a bear, he's a bear, oh
god, oh god, he's, no, he doesn't know what to do, he's calling, he's calling the phone,
hello, there's a bear over there, there's got to do something, he's getting out the
belt, he's calling on a different phone, he's got to talk to me on a different phone, now
he's talking on the other phone, he's got a bear, land land, you hold on, hold on, there's
a bear, just take it easy, okay, now here's the thing, you need to understand, I'm not,
oh shit, I got the phone, I can't believe I got the phone, I need to call that guy back,
there's a bear, he's going everywhere, there's a bear, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, who, who will I be able to call that'll make anything happen about this bear, I'm
standing in a tower, I crawled up to the top of it, I can see the bear, I've got two phones,
I shouldn't need to do more than this, I've seen the bear, I, I, I, there's got to be
something I can do, I've got to get through to these people, wait, I'm yelling, I'm yelling,
I'm hanging up, I, I, I, I'm just sitting down, I'm crying, ah, the bear, the bear's
gone, he's gone, well, oh, he's, he's got more bears with him, I got to call both phones
now, alright, I'm telling you, there's, there's multiple bears, there's a bear problem out
here, I can't, tear God in heaven, why, oh, I destroyed my phone, I'm becoming bear, oh,
wait, oh, no, okay, well there's, nope, that phone's broken, I can't use that one anymore,
alright, okay, I'm lighting that bear, the phone on fire, I'm, I'm putting a basket
over it, and I, I, I'm making smoke signals, inside the hut, and, and, and, and, and it's
signaling the bears, hey bears, bears, if there's smoke in the air, that means that you should
go up in the sky, because there's probably salmon up there, and everyone loves smoked
salmon, yay, ah, there they go, they're all leaving, I did it right, time to pick up these
hot coals, and just play with them in my palm, ow, god damn it, that hurt, and, and, and,
yeah, and I, I, I feel like, I just meant like, I thought you were going to do the voice
of the guy that was going to do the nae nae and do the shi- I was, I was doing the, right,
you know, you were doing the actual nae nae and stuff, yeah, because now like, the, the
Macarena was back in the 90s, the dances now are a lot more complicated, they tell a whole
story now, yeah, did you guys, did you guys do that bear hunt when you were kids in the,
uh, uh, like pre-kindergarten and daycare center, like, like, like, like we're going
on a bear hunt, and there was a thing, you would crawl a tree, and then you would look,
I think you'd call it crawling a tree, I totally forgot about that, yeah, you'd turn the lights
off, and everybody would unbuckle their pants, and then, and then, and then he would pre-
found one, found one, I found a bear, found a bear, found a bear, found a bear, found
a bear, found a bear, found a bear, found a bear, I remember when, when I was in pre-school,
uh, uh, you know, I was like, maybe just four years old, and no, no one teaches you how
to play doctor, but we, we actually like, when, when the teacher left the class, we,
We got Gloria something rather, I forget her last name.
She volunteered to take her clothes off
late under the teacher's desk
and all of the men in the classroom were surgeons.
Well, if you just remember her lawyer's name, we can call him.
For real?
You forgot her last name.
Gloria, I forgot her last name.
We assaulted her.
Gloria.
So, she had all of her clothes off?
She took her clothes off and me and Jeffrey Kim,
who's a Korean kid, he and I were like the two surgeons.
Why do you have to say his race?
Well, it comes into play.
It fucking better.
You're going to want to know he was Korean.
What goes down?
But it was just like the kids exploring each other's body.
It was totally alright.
This was preschool?
Pre-school.
Yeah.
That's good, because that really explained why we need to know he was Korean.
It really came into play.
It definitely came into play.
I mean, so I'm fucking Jeffrey Kim and I mean,
I mean fucking him.
Korean style.
Oh, there you go.
Okay, okay.
There you go.
And the teacher comes back.
I found the Elmer's.
What the fuck is going on here?
Stop fucking Jeffrey Kim.
Get that out of Jeffrey Kim right now.
And put it in these.
So Jeffrey Kim starts fucking the teacher.
It was fucking, it was way out of hand, man.
That was the 70s, man.
It was the 70s.
My principal's name was Mr. Fromgan.
And I'm okay using that name because I would love to go to court
and talk about what an asshole he was.
And he would, he loved drills.
He loved, like, like, yeah, like, well, no, no, not power jokes.
Like, he had a, he had a hand crank siren,
but it was supposed to be mounted.
It had screw holes on it.
You could see it was supposed to be mounted on a counter,
but he would, he would walk around going.
Why would he make the noise if he had the drill?
That's like having a cow and going.
The sound that comes out of the thing is so great, too.
It's a waste.
But there were tornado drills, fire drills, tornado drills.
And there were bomb drills.
And bomb drills were funny back then because bomb drills meant
you should grow a Mohawk because World War III is happening.
Like, the Russians have launched 47,000 missiles.
At Brown Deer, Wisconsin.
Gotta take out that Brown Deer, Wisconsin.
Now it's come full circle where bomb drill means,
holy shit, a kid brought a fucking bomb to school.
Yeah, yeah.
It's not funny at all.
That, the hashtag, the running man, I'm telling you.
Oh well.
But he would also, he would take us into the unfinished area
or basement of the school and explain to us.
Turn off the lights.
Like, whether or not we had survived the tornado or fire
or bomb in question.
But I remember the beginnings of the drills would be like
line up boy girl, boy girl, like, like,
That seems silly.
Like the gender.
These will be your mates.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Their job is to repopulate the planet.
Sperm providers and patty cake makers.
Will be the foundation of our new society.
Tornadoes are repelled by glass ceilings.
Bombs bounce off of them.
Gender dichotomy will be our new weapon against the mutants.
We had to, we were like two blocks away from our neighborhoods,
tornado siren in Kansas and it was frightening.
The screen, the sky had turned like green, like legit green.
And it would be the stillness.
And then the siren would start and we'd go look at the window.
And you mean my younger sisters would be like, oh God.
And then we'd have to go down, run down the basement.
You lived in tornado world.
Yeah, yeah.
It was like, like the fucking movie that showed on once a year
that like where tornadoes were famous in Kansas.
When tornadoes were famous.
Yo.
Before Twist, before Twist got it.
Twist just snatched it from us for a little while.
When tornadoes were famous, you're like Archie Bunker.
Had cheese eatin' at his colored people to get all the headlines.
Remember when tornadoes were famous?
All you had to do was know a few steps to rip up a trailer.
That was talent.
Now this Sammy Davis, this Nat King Cole.
Did you ever see like an actual tornado, like a twister?
No, never.
No, no, no.
Were you sad when that mean old lady took her little dog from you?
No, because my sisters wanted the dog.
I was a little bit more.
Also, I believe you got to ride the horse in the direction it was facing.
I have a very faint childhood memory because my great grandpa was from Oklahoma.
Right near you.
Sure, yes.
I mean.
In tornado world.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I was like, I have a very, very like remote childhood memory of like,
you know how when you're a kid you pretend to be asleep to get the free ride to the car?
Like you just figured that out.
I wonder if parents know that.
Like 85% of the time a sleeping child is just faking it.
Do we ever call them on it?
But I guess that's like sleep shaming and you don't want to do that either.
Because part of it you would listen and you would be like,
I remember I would do that at Grandma's house and they go,
is he really sleeping?
Is he faking it?
And I'd be like, fuck you, bitch.
You'd think that or say that?
I would think they would say it.
I'm not a Roger Rabbit character.
I didn't have that word power yet.
Yeah.
I was like, I would have been a Goo Goo Gaga.
But I was like, I was like, don't you dare like Aunt Susie.
Don't you dare like sleep shame me.
I could be asleep.
That's what's important.
All you're doing half the time I'm awake.
You're hoping I fall asleep.
I was like, yeah, you're always complaining about my energy level.
I lay down in a sleeping bag and you tell me that I look cute.
What do you think I'm going to keep doing?
Anything that provides comfort is a potential addiction.
Yeah.
Just roll with it.
Get me in the car.
Get me home and shut the fuck up.
I'm the sack of potatoes you always hoped I'd be.
So much anger, the angry little child.
They poured it into me like a sponge.
They're anger, not mine.
Yours.
All of yours.
So I have this memory of being carried.
I was pretensly sleeping and my dad carried me through what seemed like a tornado.
We went to the tornado seller every place in the lower Midwest has a tornado seller.
It's not like a special thing like bomb shelters.
It's like everybody has a tornado seller.
We just had a basement.
The basement was underground, like legit.
I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to brag, but yeah, it was fully underground.
We used to hide under the pool table.
Yeah, you got to make that's a good way.
What do you guys think about that earthquake thing when they go like hide under a thing?
Isn't that just to create a pocket of air so you die slowly?
You're supposed to find a triangle, right?
You're supposed to find something that won't immediately break by the initial impact of everything above you,
but that just means that you'll take days to die.
Yeah, I mean...
Because either something's falling, either you're aware things are falling that much on top of you,
in which case you're either dead right away or dead in three days.
This is my opinion, I hope I'm wrong.
But when they say like find a doorway, there's been that cynical joke of that's where they look to find you.
But I think that there's a truth to that where they're saying like,
well, there's air pockets, structural air pockets, and that's where people have been for like three days.
I'm somewhat claustrophobic.
Yeah, but that might be a first world problem that the second you're sort of underneath a bunch of rubble,
you'll be like, oh, this is a lot worse than not.
They're like not existing.
In the third world, they're like, actually, at least my boss isn't whipping me.
In the third world, it's like the earth's shaking, this could all turn out better than it was.
They're like snow day.
I would only assume.
When we were kids, when it was snow and we couldn't go to school, we'd run out and dig holes in the snow and stay in it.
It's so funny, the rest of the world is so poor.
When I was a kid here, I don't know if it happened anymore,
but when I was a kid, there were smog days where the air quality was so bad,
you couldn't go outside and have recess because you would get like a burning, painful chest.
It was really, really bad.
You couldn't go to basketball practice or anything.
You had to stay inside and not ever go outside because the smog was so bad.
Then they took the lead out of the gasoline and I think that stopped.
That's a lie.
That's a huge lie.
That's very, very a huge lie.
You know Sammy Snopes?
I'm Sammy Snopes.
That's a huge lie.
I love Hitler and I'm orange.
I'm Sammy Snopes.
You didn't Trump or what?
I was trying to do Trump, but I don't have a Trump.
You've got to start with your fire.
That's like your fire.
You're fired.
You're fired?
You've got to say like, you're fired.
You're fired.
I'm Vinnie Bobby.
Sammy Snopes because I started with your fire.
You're fired.
Automatically everyone is agreeing that this is a fantastic Trump impersonation.
I just shot with Dana Carvey and he has an amazing Trump force.
He has these, his impressions are always like that amazing.
What does it sound like?
Well, I can't, but as with his impressions, if you hear them, then everyone will be doing Trump perfectly.
Will and Jason, do you know that Dan does a really good Iced Tea impression?
No, does he?
Yeah.
It's pretty good.
Do you want to beat or do you want to just do it yourself?
No, just give me a topic.
I'll talk about...
Rain shoes.
Rain shoes?
Like rain boots?
Rain shoes.
Yeah.
Listen, man.
Everything you've been wearing on your feet, shit.
That ain't shit.
New rain shoes, it ain't personal.
It's business.
I kind of lost my momentum.
No, that was it.
It's not polite to make people...
The back loved it.
They're like, oh, shit, another guest.
Yeah, they don't know that.
Iced tea's here.
Shut the fuck up, Iced tea's here.
Listen.
Dan and Rob, what a lot of people don't know is that Jason Sudeikis does one of the greatest rosy pares impressions as you've ever heard.
Billy!
Oh, Billy.
What is a quince?
She lives right near us in Brooklyn.
What?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rosie Perez lives right near us.
I just watched the white man can jump recently.
Delightful movie.
It's a good movie.
An independent movie.
This is really like his comparison.
No, not at all.
It's a big old studio movie.
I love it.
But when you watch it, you're just like, oh my god, this is...
The outfit that Wesley Snipes wears while playing basketball is one of the most hilarious things.
No one's ever played sports wearing a painter's hat.
He's like a gay Italian bicyclist.
Well, no, that's what Wesley Snipes dressed like that.
Wesley Snipes outfit is just as ridiculous because he's got the bicycle hat flipped up and a very deep cut tank top.
Were you saying Wesley or Woody?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Woody Harrelson's outfit's pretty nuts too.
It's awesome.
The 80s is really good.
90s, 80s.
90s, I think.
Or 89, maybe 91.
90, 91?
Yeah.
Anyway, we saw her at a restaurant right when we first moved to the hood and she goes,
oh, you guys live here?
Oh, no.
What?
Here comes the neighborhood.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, live here well, live here fine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, great.
I kind of took it...
I wear it with a badge of honor.
I like that.
I'd say, yeah, I guess so, yeah.
That's so amazing.
She wasn't like...
Maybe she wasn't...
Not kidding.
Golly.
This dummy thought she was a joke.
Maybe it wasn't as I'm saying it now.
Is it okay to talk about what your wife is doing while she's here?
Yeah, I think so.
She's just fucking a bunch of dudes, right?
Yeah.
That's fine.
You're fine with that, right?
Is this called cuckold fetish?
What's it called?
Well, it's not a fetish.
I mean, I have no...
You don't like it.
It doesn't turn me on.
No.
But I don't hate it.
You know what I mean?
It's like...
She's the breadwinner and it's going to be how it's going to be.
Yeah, but she's not.
It's like...
She acquires nothing except for potentially diseases.
Right.
Who knows what memories that I'll...
You try to be encouraging.
You're just saying...
Yeah, I'm like, all right, have fun.
What do you say?
You're just kind of like, I get it.
And at the same time, you're like, I wish this wasn't the way.
But then I'm also like, you know what?
We only get one shot on this marble, you know?
For better or for worse.
I ride that horse.
The cuckold's mantra.
Yeah.
We only get one shot on this marble.
No, no, that's not word play.
You guys are...
Oh, that's a terrible...
No, no, no.
I just touched my...
I touched it by accident.
There was a mystery.
Yeah, that's how it started.
Oh!
I was like...
And I was, of course, I was like, yeah, well, okay.
As long as it...
That's why I have this podium is I've been touching it by accident during the entire show.
Is she doing a music video or something?
Yeah, she's directing a music video for the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Okay.
Yeah.
She's had phone calls with Flea and she's just like, oh my God, if like the 15 year old
me, like, you know, it's one of those nuts moments for her.
It's her second one.
She directed an Edward Sharp video and then this is her second one.
Yeah, that doesn't...
She doesn't need anything plugged, but I think it's worth promoting Olivia Wilde's director
and producer.
100%.
No, it's one of the...
I mean, it's one of the most amazing things about, you know, being with her is like being
able to brag about her.
But this one is such a cool one.
I told, I tell everybody, it's more fun to brag about your partner than it is yourself,
at least for me.
It's like...
But he gets in some brags of his own...
He showed us the Nike closet.
Yeah, I watched it.
He didn't walk past it.
No, no.
He was like, by the way, here's every shoe name by Nike.
But I didn't know as I was going to do it.
I was like, well, these guys aren't a safe space, but here we go.
I'll hear about this.
This will be podcast.
It's like, this is me.
Oh, well.
This is the record.
It's the size of an elevator.
Your house is crazy.
He has an arcade down in the basement.
It's the size of an elevator, and it's on the fourth story of the first four-story
house I've ever been in in my life.
Second floor.
All right, but there were two above us when I...
Yeah.
I've never been on that many...
I've never been on that many floors of a building when I wasn't being yelled at by somebody,
or being turned down for a job.
Same, same.
I was in a person's home, and I was on a fourth floor at one point.
It's not lost in me.
I didn't pay for the whole thing.
It's a 50-50 endeavor.
We're hoping our little guy does something interesting and pays us back.
When you were doing the Gary Marshall movie, you're saying, like, I'm only doing this to
pay for the rugs.
I'm like, how many rugs?
There's a lot of...
Yeah, there's a lot of rugs when you have a house.
And four-storys, it's a lot of bare floor.
And I didn't know rugs.
I didn't know...
But you get a kid.
Four-storys plus bare floor equals a two-year-old...
That's like a disaster.
Sliding and stairs.
Yeah, absolutely.
You need rugs for that kid.
You gotta have rugs.
You need friction.
And rugs are super pricey.
Rugs are super pricey.
I didn't know that.
What kind of rugs you get?
You get some nice Persian rugs?
What do you got?
I don't think there's any Persian in there.
It's like ABC, you know, like carpet.
Is it what?
There's a carpet place called ABC carpet.
I thought it was like...
They were kids' rugs, like they had ABCs on them.
No.
No, we're just...
No, we don't...
We had...
Someone sent us a nice little, like, throw rug that was all the states, but we...
I think we donated it to a local grade school.
Did you hear that, Maya Rudolph?
Yeah.
Could have given it to you.
Your fucking rug sucked.
It's the thought that counts.
Oh, God.
I don't think she sent it to us.
She bought it.
Forte, do you have kids' family?
I don't.
I have nothing, none of that.
So just by choice or just because you're...
I'm very late on this thing.
I want to do it at some point.
You mean like you want to have sex at some point?
Jeff, I have sex.
Woo!
That was like...
Prove it.
Oh!
Korean style.
All right.
Well...
The show is over.
No, the shit has hit the fan.
Yeah, I heard the music cue.
You're just about to talk about my lack of family and stuff like that.
I was going to get to friggin' get therapeutic here.
That's been a show of thanks for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
I'm looking.
Let's hear it for Spencer Crittenden.
Rob Schaub.
Find me out there.
I'll talk to you about it.
Jason Zidekis.
Will Forte.
I'm Jeff, your mayor's dad.
Thank you for coming, everybody.
Drive fast and take chances.